race light services are based in st.
Helens Merseyside and we provide our
higher kits nationwide throughout the UK
to Europe and beyond all that packs are
priced according to your needs with no
event being too large or too small if
you're looking to raise funds for your
organization
then a race light really is an ideal way
to make money and have great fun at the
same time you can raise from hundreds to
thousands of pounds both before the
event and on the night itself and to
raise those much-needed funds all you
need to do is to sell owners jockeys and
sponsor spaces in advance of the event
or simply sell tote betting tickets for
each of the races on the night itself
combining both together will make your
event a surefire winner a typical race
light is an action-packed lottery where
everybody has an equal chance to win
it's fun for both the beginner or expert
alike and every race contains eight
runners which you can name yourself or
use the fun names we provide all you
need to do is select the number of the
horse you think will win the race
favorite is the one that sells the most
tickets the outsider is the one that
sells the least when the desk closes for
the race the film is loaded and then
they're off so just sit back and share
your selection on the most frequently
asked question we get is can we lose
money on the betting and the simple
answer is no all bets are taken on a
tote basis with the ticket sales for all
eight runners being added up this pot of
money is then split 50/50 with 50% of
your money going straight into your
funds and the other 50% divided amongst
the winning ticket holders just imagine
a room full of excited people with
thrilling race is shown on a big screen
the racecourse really has come to you
race nights are a fantastic occasion and
a fantastic fundraiser for full details
of everything we provide please call
race night services on oh one seven four
four seven three two two two nine email
Derek at race night services code at UK
or take a detailed look at our website
www.realtymark.net
at UK